Congratulations.
You have just finished the second lesson of this course.
Now let's summarize what we have learned.
In this lesson, we first discussed how revenue is
generated in some of today's most common business models,
including eCommerce, freemium, and Software as a Service.
We learned that revenue-related KPI's are
a North Star for all products and business models.
We also learned that while different business models generate revenue in different ways,
important KPIs for all product managers
center on leading indicators of revenue production,
such as customer satisfaction.
In the second part of this lesson,
we discussed the importance of looking at
our data from the perspective of the customer journey.
We learned about the framework of pirate metrics,
which suggests focusing our attention on KPIs related to user acquisition,
activation, retention, and revenue.
By using all the data we collect to calculate KPIs at each step in the user journey,
product managers can discern where they should be
spending time and energy to improve a product.
Finally, in the third part of this lesson,
we learned about instrumenting new features.
While the AARRR framework can provide a holistic view of a product's performance,
it can also be leveraged to examine the success of a new feature.
We should also track the customer level data.
That is, which customers use the feature and how and when they use the feature.
In order to use such KPIs,
however, every new feature must be instrumented.
We also learned the importance of data product managers adding additional tracking to
ensure KPIs can be evaluated at
the feature level in addition to the overall product view.
Congratulations on completing this lesson.
In the next lesson, we will look at analyzing user funnels and
feature use to optimize performance. See you soon.